a king there's no friends
holy followers that Fault in their
chapter of my life is done this prince I
spent my days drinking clowning
now I find myself the king choose your
steps wisely dear brother they have
their own kingdoms behind their eyes I
need men around me I can trust you are
my friend I will come with you
now you'll be washed over vinyls here
the different King France is taunting us
they were my father's enemies not mine
the screams of young men
allowed me to sleep at night
you will not topple this king henry v of
england you so underestimate are you
ready for it awaits us
or is bloody Pensacola's this is hope
pieces for
do you feel a sense of achievement
surrender to me
King of England are you scared
already I can feel the weight I'm just
crowned I wear 20 years and else left
pot best look out there look one day at
a time
your parole will be satisfied in a few
months and then you can start to start
over
life isn't going the way I thought
[Music]
struggle with myself so much even order
to is my selfie
I can't understand you're gonna have to
speak out there's no emergency
and I've lived in California almost 25
years would you wanna spend a day at the
ocean with me you do know you can't take
home abandoned children right I could a
doctor we know about your record you're
still a parolee in the good state of
California
he ever bus to Wyoming round-trip or
one-way
[Music]
slowly
sorry it took me so long to get here
[Music]
five four three two one
to understand the weather is to prepare
our world for floods droughts famines I
asked for funding for my own expedition
into the scars you've been assigned to
responsibilities to change the world you
have to meet it
find another madman to get in a balloon
with perhaps that woman are you misread
I need to make studies off the air I
need you to fly us higher than anyone
has ever been you even have a balloon
not yet
will you help me you're incredibly late
are you ready you have no conception of
how ready I am this pressure who's
changing fast
and so it begins hold on
have you even been in a balloon you have
experience of lack of oxygen to the
brain
what are we to lose a lice there's gonna
be more important than our lives
have you noticed it's completely silent
we are now higher when anyone has ever
been still no sign of them
[Music]
let's go fight or flight as as
evolutionary those people have to live
like that do you have your whole life at
you you're 18 now said no understand
with us here the children's home you
know what that means
need to seek a Java soon yeah I'd like
to get a loan
I don't have one in the ball alone I
know you play things kind of close to
the chest don't you what does that mean
things are secretive what do you think
the outcome of all this will be for the
person who did all the take is one
little word it's me to knock
things down I don't like you you don't
have
[Music]
I hope Asians have what happened they
are me
[Music]
and initiate sequencing
and memories are made of this what is
this fullest I'm sorry to be the one to
tell you this but you got yourself
killed at rst we'd rebuild the most
important assets in the US military
soldiers like yourself you're the first
who we've successfully managed to bring
back but improved enhanced with the
technology in your veins you have an
army inside you that will not only make
you stronger you will heal you instantly
H
now tell me do you remember anything
where you going
I got unfinished business
I'm the man who murdered my wife and
killer
it's not good all right shutting down
and initiate sequence okay who is the
next target for elimination
these are made of their tell me do you
remember anything
do I know you guys I don't think so
I've been manipulating you
what you think is really sometimes ain't
and initiate sequence
[Music]
you control me for
you sure about that
revenge is what makes a man like you
exceptional
knew nothing about men lately
[Music]
is absolutely fantastic
like I just heard this event assembly
people
hey moon Brian's mom loved those
vomiting balled up the kitchen wall
she's any interesting pitfalls
okra
[Music]
everyone calm down take a breath
crippled oh so good to hear your voice
are you alright blackout the entire
western United States no food or water
what do we do you get here I've got
everything we need it'll be a safe place
a promising this is the real deal the
clock is ticking
you've got to get moving
[Music]
this is really bad turn to the way on
the other side of the mountain
I think we missed turn off it looks like
we're gonna have to walk
you say there's only two kinds of
mountain people
those chasing a dream Nosa being chased
I'm not afraid anymore
[Music]
it's an instinctive feeling
the force brought together
we're not alone good people will fight
if we lead them
people keep telling me they know me
[Music]
and I windows
thank you
and to know
you're coming together
is your undoing
what are you doing there or Threepio
taking one last look sir but my friends
fronting fear is the destiny of a Jedi
your destiny
[Music]
the force will be with you always
daddy
janaballah but has pretty keep requiem
sake Opotiki
this one's a keep on its own
Priscilla Bnei Akiva Python controller
is free : economies universal shits on a
samosa you will feel much better
oh no Dakota is it not me what you debug
Mousavi diesel Piniella on Ellis
philosophy respected veteran Bama his
only season father was it
tickle yourself concavity on you break
beneficially difficult
[Music]
we fight Navy Tripoli Korea electric
agnostic hundreds of gigantic isola she
compensation bill about exid we do so
talk on this picture gonna sit on
accident never seen you last a filter I
suppose would foot come down give a
holla
this is a very scenic stable of Korea
some Winston telethon was on the weapons
that we use to fight fear
they're not brutality
they are not wrath
they are not hate they are and will
always be loved
we're in the midst of an epidemic right
here along
[Music]
got a lot of bad things in my life
things I now regret if you truly want to
leave clay and your first step is
admitting what you do and he's little
back to where he belongs
on these people arrived my family mm-hmm
look we've got you
[Music]
you can't get rid of a mystery replace
it with some milk we got no food they
living out of a car am i understanding
that you would like a rule for that man
you know who that man is I know of as
the brother in Christ and Darrell
so what you gonna do I'm praying for
some kind of sign it is inside then I
don't worry
[Music]
a man in his house you got an order
Klansmen
I know Klansmen no more
[Music]
you don't need a clam then
there's an you
we ain't ever gonna stop
[Music]
they may stick crosses burning in the
middle of the night
but we will fill the night with a
different kind of fire
but maybe one day y'all can forgive me
hope God can forgive me
Justin Witter 10 years old
went missing on a bike ride last night
near Jupiter Park apartment you find a
bike no boy I'll let you manage the
situation as you see fit you lead on
this
[Music]
if you remember a nine-year-old Michael
King went missing Jitsu authorities are
now telling parents of young children to
keep them close
[Music]
you're gonna find him
mom Connor
there's something strange about the
house how'd you get in here what are you
doing
what are you doing if you did something
you can tell me what are you talking
about I'm sorry
nine-one-one got a call from someone
claiming to have seen our kidnapper you
don't get to act like nothing happened
you have an idea what's coming for you
[Music]